# Question 1:
I'm a Bachelor of Computer Science student from Pakistan and I want to study web development. This course will help me build a very good foundation for my career as a web developer. I don't have a job of my own and live on my parents' money. I am not financially strong enough to pay the cost of a certificate for this course. Raising money for this certificate is very difficult. Financial assistance will help me complete this course without negatively impacting my basic monthly needs.I am doing this course because I want to learn best skills from best mentors of this field."Meta front-end developer" will help me gain give practical experience and at the same time helps me find a job after graduating from university. This course will help me better understand and learn this technology, giving me an edge over my competitors. A validated certificate will give me confidence in the skills and knowledge I will gain in this course. I intend to complete all tasks on time or early. I will also participate in discussion forums that complement my learning. I also plan to have peer-reviewed graded assignments, which I think will be an invaluable learning opportunity.

# Question 2:

My main career goal is to be a successful front-end web developer with best skills. I want to learn and grow professionally. Also, I would like to dig deep into the domain so that I can work without problems in the future. This field requires constant learning. By taking this course, I will learn and study front-end web development. This course will help me build a good baseline for my domain. It will help you expand my knowledge. This course will help me define web development concepts, how React can facilitate our development work, and how React and JavaScript can create more accessible and responsive websites. Analyzing various companies and other trends can help me make better decisions for the future. "The Meta Front End Developer" course will help me achieve this learning. Coursera courses have helped me and many others build their careers in the past. And I hope the same.

# Question 3:
*If you select No*

I am a student right now and I don’t have any income source. If I take a loan then how will I repay? Being a student I don’t want any debt or loans until I get a job. But in future when I have a job then I will take courses after paying the course fees.